images


----------Inventory & MRP-----------------

Set up your reordering rule
Open your product and click on the Reordering Rules button. 

Blanket orders and replenishment

Requests quotations from the call for tenders

Once you have sent a request for quotation to every vendor and receiving their quotes, click on Validate to proceed to the bid selection. Next, click on the RFQs/Orders smart button to view all your vendors’ quotations.

Click on each request for quotation to add the price communicated by your vendors manually. When that’s done, select the most advantageous offer and click on Confirm Order. This automatically closes the call for tenders. You can now proceed with the purchase order as you would for a regular one.

Determine when to pay with 3-way matching

Should I pay the vendor bill?

Managing Vendor Bills
When you receive a vendor bill for a previous purchase, be sure to record it in the Purchases application under the Control Menu. You need to create a new vendor bill even if you already registered a purchase order.

The first thing you will need to do upon creating a vendor bill is to select the appropriate vendor, since doing so will also pull up any associated accounting or pricelist information. From there, you can choose to specify one or multiple Purchase Orders to populate the Vendor Bill with. When you select a Purchase Order from the list, Flectra will pull any uninvoiced products associated to that Purchase Order and automatically populate that information below. If you are having a hard time finding the appropriate vendor bill, you may search through the list by inputting the vendor reference number or your internal purchase order number.

If you need to manage products based on ordered quantities over received quantities, you will need to belong to the group Purchase Manager. Ask your system administrator to enable these access on Settings ‣ Users ‣ Users ‣ Access Rights. Once you belong to the correct group, select the product(s) you wish to modify, and you should see a new field appear, labeled Control Purchase Bills.

Use filters to select the data you need

Measure exactly what you need

To access a comprehensive overview of the multilevel BoM’s components, click on the Structure & Cost smart button. Sublevel BoMs can be expanded and viewed from this report.

For audit purposes, it is possible to check the lot numbers recorded on a receipt by using the icon on the right of the finished products:

Manual Replenishment

Alternatively, you can also manually ask your vendor to resupply your subcontractor by creating a dropship type PO, with your subcontractor set as the delivery address.

Use the Master Production Schedul

Assign equipment to a work center

Integrate IoT devices

Quality Control

inventory and mrp -> inventory -> warehouse mngt -> products
In Flectra, packagings are used for indicative purposes on sales/purchase orders and inventory transfers. The main difference between packagings and units of measure is that packagings are defined at the product level while UoMs are generic.


Once this Purchase Order is confirmed, a Receipt Order is created and linked to it. The source location is the vendor location and the destination location is the customer location. Then, the product won’t go through your own stock when you validate the dropship document.

You can also easily access the dropship document directly from your inventory dashboard.

How can I change the label type?



Miscellaneous Operations
Process Batch Transfers
To see the products to pick for the different transfers, click on Select. If Multi-locations has been activated, the document also shows the locations they have been reserved from.

Process a Batch Transfer

In case all the products cannot be picked, you can create backorders for each individual transfer which couldn’t be completely processed.

Process a Batch Transfer from the Barcode app

Planning
How is the Scheduled Delivery Date Computed
By clicking on Add a line, a new window is displayed. You can specify the Delivery Lead Time there. If done so, the delivery day for every purchase of that product is now equal to Date of the Purchase Order + Delivery Lead Time.

Multi-assignation


Operation types
For each type, you can decide if you allow the creation of new lot numbers or want to use existing ones. By default, the creation of new lots is only allowed at product reception.

Copy/paste lot number from an Excel file


Operation Types


Expiration Dates
Application configuration
Expiration Date on Lots/Serial Numbers


Inventory
Inventory Valuation Configuration

Valuation Methods

Shipping 

Advance Route
Concept
Sample full route flow


Inter-warehouse transfers
Click on the pencil icon in the lower right corner to open the operation details window. In this new window, the quantity of products can be manually set.

Now, go to the Purchase app. There, you will find the purchase order that has been automatically triggered by the system. Validate it and receive the products in the Input Location.

Taking stock from different warehouses


Putway
Putaway rules

FIFO (First In, First Out)
What is a Removal Strategy (FIFO, LIFO, FEFO, Closest location)?


Barcodes



----------Marketing--------------
Marketing Automation

Advanced
Filters can also be applied to individual activities, in the Domain section of the activity pop-up form. Use this feature to specify an individual filter that will only be performed if the records satisfy both filter criteria - the activity filter and its specific domain filter.

(Example: when configuring an SMS activity, make sure a certain phone number is set, in order to avoid triggering a SMS that would never be sent.)

SMS Marketing

 See also

Flectra Tutorials: Marketing - link

How to buy credits

Events

Select invitees and configure recipient filters

Publish events

Sell tickets through sales orders

Sell tickets through the website

Track and manage talks

--------Services----------

Project

Flectra Tutorials: Project and Timesheets - link
Create Project’s Tasks from an Email Alias
Configure the email alias in your project

Project management
 See also

Flectra Tutorials: Kanban Project Management

 See also

Flectra Tutorials: Customize your project

Timesheets

 See also

Flectra Tutorials: Project and Timesheets

Timesheets

Considering that validation is not required, the requested time off is automatically displayed in Timesheets. If validation is necessary, the time is automatically allocated after the responsible person for validating does it so.


Productivity

By default, the field is set as Handle by Emails making messages, notes, and notifications where you were mentioned or that you follow, to be sent through email. By choosing Handle in Flectra, they are shown in the Inbox.
Messages can then be Marked as Todo, Replied, or Marked as Read.

The messages tagged as Mark as Todo are also shown in Starred, while the ones Marked as Read are moved to History.

Discuss
Mentions in the chat and on the Chatter
Chat status
Privacy and Members
Use a channel as a mailing list
Quick search bar
Finding channels

Get Organized by Planning Activities
Configure ICE servers with Twilio

Knoledge

IOT

Mail Plugins

Studio


Website

See also

Flectra Tutorials: Website

Flectra Tutorials: eCommerce

Manage multi websites
Once the theme is selected, you can start to build the homepage of your website. Follow the purple drops; they will help you in the first steps.

Manage Multi Websites


Optimize
How to do Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) in Flectra
Content is King - link
baki che


Live Chat 
Managing chat requests

Ratings

Commands and Canned Responses


Miscelleanous

user and companies
manage users
When you are done editing the page and have Saved it, an invitation email is automatically sent to the user. The user must click on it to accept the invitation and create a login.

This email contains all the instructions needed to reset the password, along with a link redirecting the user to an Flectra login page.


companies
Tip

Activate the developer mode to choose a Favicon for each of your companies, and easily identify them by the browser tabs. Set your favicons’ files size to 16x16 or 32x32 pixels. JPG, PNG, GIF, and ICO are extensions accepted.


Now, activate the Inter-Company Transactions option under Settings. With the respective company activated and selected, choose if you would like operations between companies to be synchronized at an invoice/bills level or at a sales/purchase orders level.

Authentication


Google Sign-In Authentication

Two-Factor
Open the Account Security tab, then click the Enable two-factor authentication button:

In most applications, you can simply scan the barcode via the authenticator of your choice, the authenticator will then take care of all the setup:

Logging in

Search and filter Record
Custom filters

Choosing measures


Scope of this documentation
This document is mainly dedicated to Flectra on-premise users who don’t benefit from an out-of-the-box solution to send and receive emails in Flectra, unlike Flectra Online and Flectra.sh.  -   link

file:///home/erp/Downloads/documentation_16_3/documentation/_build/html/applications/general/email_communication/email_servers.html 
Manage inbound messages   -    links



Email Communication
Utilizing the From Filter on an outgoing email server

Email templates


VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)


Calenders


In-App Purchase (IAP)


Developer Mode
Activate through the browser extension


Upgrade Community to Professional


CRM

Merge opportunities

The Contact Form can be activated or deactivated at any time by going to Website ‣ Go to Website ‣ Customize ‣ Contact Form.

Choose which Sales Team or salesperson is automatically assigned to the leads/opportunities created from the Contact Form by going to Website ‣ Configuration ‣ Settings ‣ Communication.

Customize Contact Forms


Track your prospects visits

Assign leads based on scoring

You can also change the Measures to Total Revenue.


Configuration
From the General Settings, activate Google Drive and Google Spreadsheet. The options Authorization Code and Get Authorization Code are now available.